Superior Room
Our generous Superior Rooms boast an average 32 sqm / 344 sqf of space.
Classic style blends beautifully with contemporary elegance and amenities. Sleep soundly in a sumptuous queen size bed with crisp linens and refresh in the white Italian marble bathroom with its deep bath and White Company toiletries. This luxurious room is well beyond what one might consider standard

Deluxe Room
Spacious Deluxe Rooms boast an average 36 sqm / 387sq ft. Contemporary luxury and amenities combine with elegant classic style. The large King size bed with crisp linens ensure a peaceful night’s sleep. Elegantly designed bathrooms feature sleek white Italian marble, a convenient walk-in shower and separate bath. Simply relax in pure comfort, and pamper yourself with a cosy bathrobe and White Company toiletries.

Executive Room
Indulge in a luxurious and spacious Executive room, with an average 50 sqm/560sq ft, is one of our most spacious accommodations. Relax in the generous seating area with comfortable sofa and armchairs or work peacefully at the practical desk. A sumptuous King size bed with crisp linens will ensure a soothing sleep whilst the sleek white Italian marble bathroom with its walk-in shower and separate bath is perfect for pampering yourself with White Company toiletries.



lama dev booking app source code github
lama dev booking app source code
https://github.com/safak/youtube2022/tree/mern-booking


//todo
room numbers are not unique when you update them
fix issue in backends

primary color: #A49169

//todo
create an image carousel for images to display


app url
https://kf-hotel-booking-app.onrender.com/

landing text
WELCOME TO AN OASIS OF LUXURY
IN THE HEART OF LONDON


Experience a haven of opulence nestled in the vibrant heart of London.


Indulge in the epitome of refined luxury as you step into a sanctuary amidst the bustling energy of London. Our oasis beckons with an exquisite blend of sophistication and comfort, promising an unparalleled experience in the very heart of this dynamic city. Discover a realm where lavishness meets convenience, where every detail is curated to enhance your stay and elevate your senses. Welcome to a retreat of unparalleled elegance, right in the midst of the pulsating rhythm of London life.



